Replace usage of legacy Mbed TLS crypto Kconfigs with PSA Crypto API (#101419)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.4.rst

  handle this status in the handler callback to properly reset resource state after successful
  response transmission.

* Automatic selection of crypto Kconfigs has been removed from :kconfig:option:`NET_SOCKETS_SOCKOPT_TLS`

>   as these strongly depends on the final application's needs. As a consequence desired TLS protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as they strongly depend on the final application's needs. As a consequence the desired TLS protocol
```

>   version and ciphersuite(s) must be explicitly selected.

Reviewer: Advertise the new helpers? using https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/90681
